Thoughts on project progress
1. For LLM judge training, instead of submitting individual items against OpenAI one at time, submit an array of JSON and have OpenAI judge the array on its end one at a time using the main LLM judge prompt.  
    -Submitting one QA item at a time takes too long, often 3-10s each.  1000 items can take 20-60+ minutes.
    -Compare submitting a batch (NOT batch-mode for OpenAI which was an SLA of 24hours), as an array and seeing now long it takes per item.
    -Use tiktoken Python library to count the tokens prior and submit 
2. Created tests for pydantic validation in QAItem class.
3. QA set is not diverse enough, same questions continue to repeat, need to see it adjusting LLM temp will help.
4.  When trying to remove useless tips/safety info from items during the initial data sanity checks, I did some experimenting with semantic cosine similarity and found that it was not as good as simply checking against the vague phrase list and verifying that the vague phrase made up no more than 15% of the item.  So that "be careful" would be acceptable if the sentence it was in was long enough to likely contain something useful.  Eg. Be careful not to cut yourself on sharp metal when removing panels; vs. Try to be careful.  Perhaps I could entirely screen out phrases containing "good luck" entirely as I cant think of it reasonbly embedded in a meaningful tip, but the llm judge should catch non-specific items anyways. 
5.  I found a similar problems as 4 above when trying to deal with duplicates.  
6. I got frustrated with trying to iterate and improve my LLM judge prompts with only trying to guess where the defficiency was.  So I created an ehanced LLM judge, which goes beyond the original requirements and requests the judging LLM to provide reasoning. This removed any guessing and actually showed me where I was wrong in my own judging. It turned out that I had either overlooked non-consistent fields (eg, the tip was different between "tip" field and "tip" section of "answer" field as a result of intentionally corrupting it to have the LLM review known bad items.).  I also realized the LLM was judging "safety info" in the "answer" and ignoring the "safety_info" field itself (these also could differ due to intentional corruption to differentiate good and bad QA items).  After directly the LLM to look in both places, it finally started correctly judging the data as bad.  I cannot control that the requirements want individual fields as well as an agglomeration of individual fields in the "answer" field.  If I had control over that, I would make the answer a templated version with some glue wording, but otherwise use references to other fields, which is more efficient space-wise, and almost entirely eliminates inconsistencies between answer content and fields.